<!-- Convert to html: `pandoc sample.md -o sample.html` -->
<!-- Text sample source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/17408 -->

```{=html}
<div class="live">
    <livesample data-ctxedit="sample-700-1" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 700; font-size: 60px; line-height: 0.72; letter-spacing: -0.02em;" contenteditable="">
        Martian™<br>Language Systems Inc.
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample data-ctxedit="sample-400-1" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 22px; line-height: 1;" contenteditable="">
        Interfacing mechanisms are <i>periodically sequencing state</i>
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample data-ctxedit="sample-400-2" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 85px; line-height: 1; letter-spacing: -0.05em; background: #FFF310; display: inline-block; padding: 0.2em 0.3em; text-align: center; width: 100%"
        contenteditable="">
        XP–45 SERVICE
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample data-ctxedit="sample-700-2" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 700; font-size: 120px; line-height: 1;" contenteditable="">
        Manifolds
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample data-ctxedit="sample-700-3" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 700; font-size: 24px; line-height: 1.1; letter-spacing: -0.03em;" contenteditable="">
        Production filaments are awaiting 340-type transportation<br>in docking bay 6–B
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <hr>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample contenteditable="" data-ctxedit="sample1" spellcheck="false"
        style="font-weight: 700; font-size: 60px; line-height: 1.1">
        Fabulous typography encountering spring
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-5"></div>
    <livesample contenteditable="" data-ctxedit="sample2" spellcheck="false">
        The user interface (UI), in the industrial design field of<br>
        human-computer interaction, is the space where<br>
        interactions between humans and machines occur.
    </livesample>
    <div class="mb-1"></div>
    <livesample contenteditable="" data-ctxedit="sample3" spellcheck="false">
```

**Florentine painting** between Giotto and Michelangelo contains the names
of such artists as Orcagna, Masaccio, Fra Filippo, Pollaiuolo,
Verrocchio, Leonardo, and Botticelli. Put beside these the greatest
names in Venetian art, the Vivarini, the Bellini, Giorgione, Titian, and
Tintoret. The difference is striking. The significance of the Venetian
names is exhausted with their significance as painters. Not so with the
Florentines. Forget that they were painters, they remain great
sculptors; forget that they were sculptors, and still they remain
architects, poets, and even men of science. They left no form of
expression untried, and to none could they say, "This will perfectly
convey my meaning." Painting, therefore, offers but a partial and not
always the most adequate manifestation of their personality, and we feel
the artist as greater than his work, and the man as soaring above the
artist.

The immense superiority of the artist even to his greatest achievement
in any one art form, means that his personality was but slightly
determined by the particular art in question, that he tended to mould it
rather than let it shape him. It would be absurd, therefore, to treat
the Florentine painter as a mere link between two points in a necessary
evolution. The history of the art of Florence never can be, as that of
Venice, the study of a placid development. Each man of genius brought to
bear upon his art a great intellect, which, never condescending merely
to please, was tirelessly striving to reincarnate what it comprehended
of life in forms that would fitly convey it to others; and in this
endeavour each man of genius was necessarily compelled to create forms
essentially his own. But because Florentine painting was pre-eminently
an art formed by great personalities, it grappled with problems of the
highest interest, and offered solutions that can never lose their
value. What they aimed at, and what they attained, is the subject of the
following essay.

The first of the great personalities in Florentine painting was Giotto.
Although he affords no exception to the rule that the great Florentines
exploited all the arts in the endeavour to express themselves, he,
Giotto, renowned as architect and sculptor, reputed as wit and
versifier, differed from most of his Tuscan successors in having
peculiar aptitude for the essential in painting _as an art_.

But before we can appreciate his real value, we must come to an
agreement as to what in the art of figure-painting---the craft has its
own altogether diverse laws---_is_ the essential; for figure-painting, we
may say at once, was not only the one pre-occupation of Giotto, but the
dominant interest of the entire Florentine school.

Psychology has ascertained that sight alone gives us no accurate sense
of the third dimension. In our infancy, long before we are conscious of
the process, the sense of touch, helped on by muscular sensations of
movement, teaches us to appreciate depth, the third dimension, both in
objects and in space.

In the same unconscious years we learn to make of touch, of the third
dimension, the test of reality. The child is still dimly aware of the
intimate connection between touch and the third dimension. He cannot
persuade himself of the unreality of Looking-Glass Land until he has
touched the back of the mirror. Later, we entirely forget the
connection, although it remains true, that every time our eyes recognise
reality, we are, as a matter of fact, giving tactile values to retinal
impressions.

Now, painting is an art which aims at giving an abiding impression of
artistic reality with only two dimensions. The painter must, therefore,
do consciously what we all do unconsciously,---construct his third
dimension. And he can accomplish his task only as we accomplish ours, by
giving tactile values to retinal impressions. His first business,
therefore, is to rouse the tactile sense, for I must have the illusion
of being able to touch a figure, I must have the illusion of varying
muscular sensations inside my palm and fingers corresponding to the
various projections of this figure, before I shall take it for granted
as real, and let it affect me lastingly.

It follows that the essential in the art of painting---as distinguished
from the art of colouring, I beg the reader to observe---is somehow to
stimulate our consciousness of tactile values, so that the picture shall
have at least as much power as the object represented, to appeal to our
tactile imagination.

```{=html}
</livesample>
</div>
```
